---
type: posts
layout: single
classes: wide
author_profile: true
read_time: true
comments: true
share: true
related: true
show_date: true

header:
  image: /assets/img/japan/tokyo/Meiji Shrine 1.webp
  teaser: /assets/img/japan/tokyo/Meiji Shrine 1.webp

gallery1:
 - image_path: /assets/img/japan/tokyo/IMG_0032.webp
 - image_path: /assets/img/japan/tokyo/IMG_0035.webp

gallery2:
 - image_path: /assets/img/japan/tokyo/Dominique Ansel Tokyo 1.webp
 - image_path: /assets/img/japan/tokyo/Dominique Ansel Tokyo 2.webp

excerpt: "The mythical capital of the Far-east nation"

tags:
  - City
  - Japan
---

# TLDR/Itinary
* Day 1: Hamarikyu Garden -> Tsukiji Fish Market -> Meiji Shrine
* Day 2: The Imperial Palace East Gardens -> Asakusa
* Day 3: Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden -> Shibuya -> Akihabara

In spite of its close location to China and Korea, Japan is unlike any other east asian countries. Its unique culture, food, and people should be experienced by anyone with capable means.

Before you go to Japan, here is what you need:
* Apply a tourist visa depending on your nationality
* Purchase a JR rail pass before you depart
* Learn some basic Japanese (more on language later)
* Bring your credit card with no foreign transaction fees

If it is your first time visiting Japan, plan to visit multiple cities. During my first visit, I visited Tokyto, Nikko, Hakone, Kyoto, and Nara. In this guide, we will focus on Tokyto first. Visit my website for travel guides in other Japanese cities.

# The Diary
## The Airport
After your long flight, you finanlly arrived at Japan! There are a few things that you need to do before heading out to your hotel though. First, exchange/validate your JR rail pass which allows you to get on most shinkansens (high speed rail). Next, purchase a Japanese sim card with a data plan at the airport. Lastly, you have to decide how to get to your hotels. One thing that many people don't realize is how far away the Tokyo's airport is to city center. There are three options to get to your hotel:
* Taxi (very expensive, ~$200 USD)
* Express train
* Shuttle bus (~$10 USD)
Either train or bus is a good option to get to the city center and to your hotels.

## Day 1 (Hamarikyu Garden, Tsukiji Fish Market, Meiji Shrine)

I started my first day in Tokyo to visit Hamarikyu Garden. It is a large park within the ultra-modern city dotted with lakes and tranditional Japanese architectures. There aren't many people there, especially on weekdays. You find a rare slice of peace and tranqulity in this busy city. Plan to spend an entire morning in this beautiful park.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/Hamarikyu_Garden_1.webp" caption="Hamarikyu Garden" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/Hamarikyu Garden 2.webp"%}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/Hamarikyu Garden 3.webp"%}

After spending the morning walking around Hamarikyu Garden, you must be hungry! Lucky for you, the famous Tsukiji Fish Market is just nearby. Splurge yourself with fresh seafood and Japanese treats.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/IMG_0030.webp"%}
{% include gallery id="gallery1" layout="half"%}

After indulging yourself at the Tsukiji Fish Market, head towards Meiji Shrine, one of the most popular shrines in Japan. While visiting the shrine, buy a shinto (small wooden plaque) and make a wish!


{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/Meiji Shrine 1.webp"%}

{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/Meiji Shrine 2.webp"%}

## Day 2 (The Imperial Palace East Gardens, Asakusa)
After the first day in Tokyo, you must be excited right? I recommend a lightweight schedule for day 2 to relax and explore the city.
I started my day 2 in Tokyto at The Imperial Palace East Gardens. I have to say it is a lot less impressive than Hamarikyu or Meiji Shrine. Next, you can visit Asakusa, the famous temple district with lots of touristty shops. There were so many people when I visited! It is a popular spot with both tourists and locals.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/Asakusa.webp"%}
Don't miss out the cute little shops in this district. Also, one of the conveyor belt sushi restaurants nearby is really good. So much better than what we have outside of Japan.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/Asakusa2.webp"%}

##  Day 3 (Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden, Shibuya, Akihabara)
For Day 3, I started the morning by going to Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden which was a residence of Lord Naito.
{% include figure image_path="/assets/img/japan/tokyo/Shinjuku Gyo-en.webp"%}
Then, start walking your way to Shibuya. Along the way, you will encounter Takeshita Street, a pedestrain shopping street lined with fashion boutiques, cafes, and resturations. The famous Dominique Ansel's bakery is just nearby.
{% include gallery id="gallery2" layout="half"%}
I ended the night at Akihabara, the center of Japan's anime and manga culture. Whether you are looking for cute office supplies, mangas, or mecha models, you can find them at Akihabara.


# The End
There are so much more to explore in Tokyo. The little alleys, the ramen shops, or the Michelin Star resturants all beg me to return. And I am sure I will. Hopefully you will too.
